"However, some Christians have been rejected by the wider US Christian community
and are thus “minoritized”—meaning they are treated as if they do not belong to
the majority." 

> Could this be because of their beliefs? 

"Christian Scientists generally view disease and illness as a mental error.
Thus, to heal ailments, they usually rely on prayer rather than medical care. 
They usually refuse to vaccinate their children, take medicine of any kind, 
or see a doctor, even for emergencies. "

> huh

"European conquerors were given permission from Christian authorities to
completely ignore the rights and ancestral heritage of indigenous people."

> O_o, don't seem like they wanted to allow any other religion other than Chrisitianity

"The last Canadian residential school closed in 1998. Still, damage to
indigenous families has continued long after the last school closed. Around
80,000 survivors are alive in Canada today. Despite the incredible resilience
of indigenous people of Canada, 70% of native languages are nearing extinction,
and many cultural practices have been lost. Alcoholism, depression, drug
use, unemployment, and physical and sexual assault are all
disproportionately high in Canada’s indigenous population. They also make up
a disproportionately high share of Canada’s prison population. These issues
and more all stem in one way or another from residential schools."

> Therefore, these residential schools have destroyed the culture of innocent human beings


"Today, many Christians have apologized for their role in the system. The
Anglican, United, and Presbyterian churches have all issued official apologies
and repudiated the Doctrine of Discovery. The Catholic church, which ran most
of the schools, has expressed regret, but they have not yet issued an official
apology," 

> Why are they not apologizing, they first took kids from their homes and then just made
them forget their culture basically just brainwashing the children.
