Once upon a Time
 
I live in a strange suburb. The flowers all seem like they want to take a long
nap underground and some of them decided to think that it's winter and become
grey and dull. My daddy and mommy just got me a cool bike which I could ride
without help but I can't go far away from the house because Daddy said that if
I go far away, a monster will come and eat my feet and I really really need my
feet to ride my bike so I drive in the garden. I have a cat and her name is
Shimmer. She doesn't really like to be held but we love her because she is like
the sister I could never. I would love to have siblings but mom and dad said
that it is already too much work keeping me safe, I don't know what they mean. 

I am a big boy now and I can protectmyself. When I go to school we do drills
every day in school, just in case monsters come. I am growing up and I am
starting to doubt my belief of the existence of monsters. One day the sky
turned grey and the school alarm went off. I saw men running around outside and
I thought it was my teachers, I called out to them, “What is going on!?” but
the men did not respond. 

When the men saw me, they told me to go inside of the building behind me. It
felt like they were hiding something. As I made it into the tall black building
I was pulled into a dark room with some older kids and that's when I heard the
sound of many balloons popping and I heard someone cry. After what felt like
years, they let us out and I went home and did not go to school for a week. I
spent lots of time with my mom, dad, and my cat. My friends could not come
because their parents were worried about the popping balloons but I wasn’t. I
am a brave knight who isn’t scared of the popping balloons and can protect
myself. I started practicing using a sword with a branch I got from the tree so
I could protect me and my family. It was not long after mom and dad were
looking for some doors and fences. They said it was for protection against
popping balloons and monsters. I spent most of my days inside and away from
people's sight.

Finally, the reinforced fences and door came. They were very very ugly and dark
and made my garden dark and gloomy, and not long after our it was dry and all
the flowers turned to ash and dust. My parents told me to stay away from the
fences and doors so that I stayed safe but I was confused because these fences
and doors were supposed to keep me safe and protect me, so why couldn’t I go
near them. I would spend the rest of my days painting the door and fence to
make them look better, after the 1st week I painted beautiful flowers on the
fence and the barb wire where the trees branches.

When it got dark out my mom would rush me and the cat in and barricage the
windows and lock the door shut and would bathe me, and we would have dinner
while dad read the news and took notes for the neighborhood. That was his job
keeping everyone safe from the monsters. When I finished dinner it was time
to go to bed. I loved bedtime because my mom would read me amazing stories that
would almost make the stories happen in my bedroom. Tonight my mom read to me
my favorite story, the one about the night and the Sleeping Beauty. After what
felt like seconds the story was over. I would repeat to my mom “again” multiple
times but she would say that it is time to sleep and would leave to her room. I
could not, however, close my eyes and went to my window to look at the stars
and count them and that is when I saw her, my sleeping beauty. Something was
wrong though, it seemed like she was panicking, she started to run and that's
when I saw her fall to the ground. I knew I had to save her so I jumped out the
window with my wooden sword but the fence was trying to keep me from my
Sleeping Beauty. I could feel each prick in my flesh and that is when I saw
that my dad was behind the balloon pops. His job was not to help, it was to
find the next target for cash.
 
